If dual mating is just "people have different preferences depending on their hormone levels" then literally no one is contesting that lol, why would you write 5 books on that

Just one, still waiting. All I need a single study showing women fucking different men at different parts of their cycle. Remember, you called it "DUAL MATING" so this is the behavior your theory is supposed to predict...just one study, you can do it

Mate, again, you can slay me with one single study, show me where women choose different mates during different points of their cycle. Remember, "DUAL MATING" implies fucking two different people at once. No need to fire off 100 random studies at me, I just need one.

Also this screen is becoming increasingly harder to look at so I might disappear for 6 hours.

Yes, Rollo, you're almost there...so the issue with proving "dual mating hypothesis" is that it does indeed seem like people's preferences can slightly shift during different parts of their cycle. For Dual-mating hypothesis to hold true, however, there has to be...dual-mating. All the studies you're linking just show differences in what women find attractive during their cycle, it doesn't show any dual-mating happening.

This is why evo psych abandoned this bunk idea. It's likely that hormones can influence both how men and women perceive other potential partners, but the effect is probably slight and doesn't seem to encourage people to abandon their current partner.

Unless you've got something to the contrary...
Okay, here's your chance to prove me wrong - can you link a single study that supports the existence of dual mating hypothesis? Because I gave you several to the contrary, which is why evo psych abandoned the idea.

Reminder that I completely dismantled the "Alpha Fucks, Beta Bucks" dual-mating hypothesis in front of Rollo for 3 hours and he had absolutely nothing to say and zero defense of the idea. The entire evo psych field has abandoned this position but Rollo is too dug in to change.
I live my values and have been a happy person making friendships and money online for the past 13 years.

The RP guys you worship all date/fuck strippers, OF girls and IG models constantly, the same girls they make fun of every day on their shows.

Good luck with that, chief.
No one has ever claimed Red Pill guys are ruining marriage because most Red Pill guys are lonely, miserable virgins.
"You find happiness your way."

does she really believe that? let's see...oh, oops, tee-hee

After getting to know a lot of these women behind the scenes, I can say that the vast majority of these "red pill" women are fucking miserable in these relationship styles. Don't fall for the stupid "pick me" attitudes they put on on social media, the only time they're smiling is when they're taking pics for their fans on IG/Twitter

I love when Red Pillers always say "we need to speak to the stats, not exceptions" but then OBSESS over comparisons to celebrities or exceptional historical figures.

I already did address the issue, I said it was crass.

If you are a Trump supporter, though, you've completely forfeit any right to complain about presidential or White House decorum for at least 5 years.

If there was an audio of Obama saying "grab em by the pussy" you'd have played it nonstop for the last decade.

Listen, I think this is absolutely crass, but Trump supporters were high fiving each other when they found out Trump was fucking porn stars behind his wife's back and that's 1000x more disgusting than any titties you saw in this event.

"How can we make everyone hate our movement as much as possible? can we think of even dumber shit to do?"

"Wait, I've got an idea..."

https://studentaffairs.jhu.edu/lgbtq/education/glossary/

Edit: for clarity, I don't think there's anything wrong with the second definition, it's just weird that there's one for "gay man" and not "lesbian woman."

Can we stop over sensationalizing everything to the point to where real conversations are fucking impossible to have?

What Amazon did was shitty, but let's be clear here - the customers lights were not shut down and his entire home locked away from him, just his Amazon Echos were disabled. Your phrasing here makes it sound like he was literally locked out of his house.

Read about his experience here -

lil bro out here trying to blame the government for wanting to suck dick

always fun to make a new fan

There is literally no argument to attack. Last time I demonstrated how you make things up and you retreated to "oh no I've talked to hundreds of people you must be wrong!!" Your whole purpose on the internet is to mislead men and attack women in exchange for money.

You don't ever have a woman's side of the story. Your entire Twitter feed is just constantly shitting on women. That's why your entire fanbase is 95% incels and 5% pick-me's.
so ironic coming from a person whose political constituents online are known for having an eidetic memory of every country's age of consent

you're very much in your feelings right now :x

I like how you literally prove my first tweet with this response.

"Destiny is doing something bad? My first instinct is to compare him to a woman!!!"


Okay so now we're against depictions of interracial relationships? lol
Image

Pearl has no message besides "hate women." I think she's probably one of the purest representations of what the red pill actually stands for.

've never done any "hit piece" or any videos on any ex's you've had, I just said it's rich for you to write-off my personal experience when I've been in multiple long-term (real) relationships and you've been in...1? 0? Did you even live with your ex?

pearl you've never even had a real relationship why do you think you have anything of value to contribute here at all lol

TRUE.

Even in strictly conservative households where "the man is the head," you would never say some shit to your wife like "you should submit to me." Even in a Christian structure with the man "at the top" it's still VERY MUCH treated as a partnership where both sides respect.

...
is this really the new thing conservatives are going with now? LOL

I'm sorry my dude, but this always is and always will be just sad, sad cope. I'll take a stab at it for once with a serious reply, though, because I see these "omg you're actually miserable" comments pop up so much and it's kind of sad once you realize who these comments come from.

You have a particular way that you view the world and you are too ignorant to see any other shade of existence beyond the one that you inhabit. The truly sad thing is, you probably 1) didn't even come up with this particular view, you inherited it from a YouTuber or PodCast because you felt some sort of lack of meaning or purpose in life, and 2) you're probably a failure within that particular point of view of the world as well, because you're lacking in so many areas of your life. I can tell, as can any other successful person, because most successful people realize there are tons of different paths to happiness. The only people who think there is a single road to happiness are people who haven't even begun the journey themselves.

I am living a literal dream life; every day I get to wake up to a beautiful wife, hit the gym in my Miami Beach apartment, then turn on my stream and enjoy games, music, an audience, girls, political debates, memes/jokes, arguments and discussions among friends, travel around the world, a cool apartment to bring my son to, fun with him when I travel to Nebraska, an awesome set of friends and colleagues. etc...etc...There are challenges, of course, but it's fun to meet those head on. For you to twist my entire life into "misery that you'll regret on your death bed" while you pound away at the keyboard is unbelievably sad, and reveals more about your life than you could ever hope to "expose" about mine.

You're not convincing me, a third party, or even yourself that the things you're saying are true, and every single person knows you would give everything you have in life to trade places with me in an instant.

Have fun and enjoy your cope, though, I'll try not to lose any sleep over your scathing tweets. (:

I remember people saying this to me literally back in 2011 lol, and yet here I am, and where are they?

"you realize if you took away the successful career you've spent your entire life building over the past 13 years then you would have nothing, right???"

I mean, yeah..? Idk what the point of this is supposed to be lol.

I paid more in taxes last year than this guy grossed :x

this is an interesting position to take considering you personally DMCA'd my YT channel when me and a friend reacted/responded to the DW's "What is a Woman" Documentary :x

People who have no legit criticisms always make the most bizarre remarks.

Also it's not my bedroom, it's my living room, thanks.

It's gotta be so tiring and mentally self destructive to live life like this.

3 months lol

everyone in this industry is a snake, never forget it ;)

"oh but actually I'm doing a documentary on men who love fat women and you would be shocked how many men love fat women!!! don't be a loser who just googles all the time for answers, I've talked to THOUSANDS of men who love fat women!!!!"

I have never seen a bigger self-report in my life. I actually feel a little sorry for the guy.

"Uh bro, don't you know women don't ever have hair on their face????"

the only thing getting smoked here is you, bruh

Red Pillers act like I don't get any action, meanwhile my DMs are crawling with hot women like this just throwing their numbers at me (we're dating now btw)

It's always cute stumbling onto fanbases that are newer to these internet spaces who think they have some kind of "bomb" they're going to drop on me that people haven't tried (and failed with) a billion times before them.

FYI, the reason why Max and Lav aren't friends anymore is because Max started to feel a strong sexual attraction towards Lav that Shalein was uncomfortable with, which forced Max to try to write up a formal contract with Lav that she ultimately felt was creepy and pushy, causing them to split ways.

It took a bit longer than I thought it would, but my prediction was generally accurate.


No, I'm trying to stay away from bad people.

There are genuinely decent folks on the right and left, and I don't mind having conversations with them, but when people are quick to act like snakes or assholes behind the scenes I just lose interest in associating with them, regardless of political affiliation.

why on earth would @ElijahSchaffer
 just completely fabricate an interaction we've never had before, like you know I was there right lol

https://youtube.com/clip/Ugkxy_FkhlqlaaXqs3Cx7ekrzAwGnR23TpvR

1. I never said anything remotely like this to you.
2. I have never in my life told someone to "play into the sensation."
3. You bring up two people that you imply I would prefer to debate, like Milo and Gavin, when I have blacklisted both of those from any future debates because they are absolutely insane.

Hard disagree, I don't think I've ever met a moderate in my life who thinks this is "normal", fuck even Trump fans think this shit was kind of weird lmao.

The harm in it is that when you turn your children's bodies into battlegrounds for your political ideology you look like a fucking freak and it makes it 100000x easier for moderates to feel uncomfortable with defending you when conservatives attack your position.

If your kid is "gay" then he's just gay, he's not "proud of being gay", that's a socio-political position that they're not even old enough to be cognizant of. If they are gay, let them explore and be gay and do all that, you don't have to advertise how woke YOU are on THEIR body for your IG/Twitter feed, you'll live.

I'm sorry but it's honestly just fucking weird. If my son was gay or whatever I'd be all for it, but dressing kids up in LGBT gear is making their bodies battlegrounds for social issues that they are totally clueless about.

There's a difference between "being gay" and "advertising social issues via clothing." I support Ukraine but I'm not about to send my kid to school dressed up in blue and yellow. His body isn't a billboard for my social beliefs.

That's because some people just want to transition and be accepted as the gender they feel they should have been born as and don't want to advertise a freakish "revolutionary" aesthetic every single second of their lives just for social media clout.

I think a lot of trans people just want to invisibly pass and go on with their lives, not advertise from the rooftops every single day how DIFFERENT/RADIKAL/AWESUM they are compared to cis people.

Just a PSA, I agreed to interact with certain figures a while ago that I'm way more on the fence about now, so I'm kind of fucking over @NotProvoked
 and @qorantos
 because I agreed to things I changed my mind on, namely three figures atm -

Fuentes - way too mask off with the Nazi shit atm, plus not very interesting to talk to right now imo
Zherka - way too manic right now, hard to interact with/unpredictable, is just firing off way too many weird/bizarre tweets atm and no clue what's real or what's not
Alex Stein - just keep seeing him doing way too many weird trans-obsessed videos, don't feel like furthering the conservative obsession/delusion with shitting on trans people

All of these are subject to change in the future, just not what I want to associate with at the moment.

Signs you're a retard:

Emma in charge of doing more damage to trans discourse than any number of conservatives ever could.

If you know nothing about trans issues and don't have a genuine interest in understanding them, please just leave the conversation forever.

Hot take: I don't think that MLD guy lives in Japan at all, I think he made that up, just like everything else about him.

keep calling me "dishonest" now that you're on Twitter, there's a reason you had nothing to say before the clips came out and the tape was rolling










