yeah they should just call them transphobes in my opinion, half of the terfs arent really feminists and regularly claim men are better than women

holy shit we are so back

it seems obv to me that without the republican party's astroturfing and logistics support the only people that show up to protest things like the trump arraignment in the post jan6 world are the sweatiest qanon losers and they rarely have enough numbers.

conservative politics used to revolve around “vice signaling” now it’s just showing everyone how mentally unstable you are.

hysterically wetting your diapers because you saw a rainbow colored flag on the white house is not political commentary, you're just not cut out for society.

Trump is the king of breaking rules brazenly in the only way that would make it super illegal

more streaming platforms means twitch can't make decisions like the ones from yesterday. this will improve the space for streamers and watchers alike. for that reason i hope kick becomes successful,  in spite of this little gremlin doing his very best to  undermine that.

having said that banning me from kick when i have no intention of going there is pretty funny, like i'm good man thanks.

politics is just a cover for these disgusting conservative freaks to simply creep on children.

conservative love talking about “killing pedophiles” then defend child marriage, child beauty pageants and spend a whole lotta time thinking about your children, their genitals and what your kids are wearing. that’s not politics, you’re just a pedophile.

elon is autistic AND  has a trans kid but he’s such a horny reply guy he forgot i guess

absolutely devastating decision that will further erode what little labor power remained in this country.

before people claim it’s sabotage to leave wet cement in the trucks, this was due to a work stoppage. all work stoppages intend to damage capital. it’s the entire point of a strike.

pride month got ben shapiro demanding the government use anti trust laws to break up ab/inBev lmao

absolutely insane

i’m surprised more conservatives don’t complain about capcut gender swap templates on tiktok, i feel like that’s a sick new avenue to go insane mode in

he wants trump so bad 

the way theyre glazing elon like he's running for president lmao

desantis started his speech by talking about restoring sanity and fiscal responsibility, its perhaps the dumbest way to run in a republican primary in the post trump world

elon musk "broke the internet" meanwhile this shit broadcasts audio to hundreds of millions daily since 1895

elon musk is so profoundly incompetent, the stream for a 400k audio only space keeps crashing, and we just heard elon mumble "the servers keep crashing huh"

i really hope this thing doesn’t brick and we can enjoy how uncharismatic these two gremlins are in full detail

these people are such fucking losers and the more target or any other brand caves to their idiotic demands, the more they’ll do this weaponized karen shit. idc abt rainbow capitalism but capitulating to these gross perverts is much much worse.

IM AFRAID I CALLED THIS FROM A MILE AWAY FOLKS

my boss is a cuck

elon musk (net worth $180Bn) is claiming that wanting free healthcare for all americans or fighting inequality means you cannot write a book and make money from the royalties.

every time a video like this goes viral airlines cut your legroom by another inch since y’all like cramped spaces so much

like yeah this persons clearly morbidly obese but it’s weird to see people hate fat people more than profit vulture airlines which have made air travel less comfortable for everyone year after year to increase shareholder value

like yeah this persons clearly morbidly obese but it’s weird to see people hate fat people more than profit vulture airlines which have made air travel less comfortable for everyone year after year to increase shareholder value

there’s real resistance to change in most online spaces. his edgy fans will now cynically try to prove that he hasn’t changed at all by clipping his new content out of context, by reposting all his old stuff. same ppl who cry abt cancel culture and sjws behaving exactly like that

trump has much better instincts than a career gop company man like desantis who somehow forgot the purpose of “anti woke” culture war battles. it’s to distract the base as you help defend corporate profits!!! not the other way around!

same goes for his new immigration policy. the entire purpose of immigration laws are to create a permanent underclass that has no legal protection and will work for cheap. if you actually fine businesses 10k per migrant worker, you’ll effectively wipe out your agriculture sector

karen

oh fuck i forgot it’s almost june these guys are going to be extra whiny this year

wonder how the moms who thought desantis was hot are doing lately

free speech means trying to help erdogan win an election by suppressing his opposition.

cant believe i fell asleep before trumps town hall

I TOLD YOU! (he’s been arrested for being gay)

i was wondering how this website could become more annoying than having to see only blue checkmark reply guys saying the dumbest shit w the utmost confidence.

very weird that the right is collectively looking for a deeper conspiracy here instead of distancing themselves from this psychotic nazi even for the sake public appearances. like they seemingly moved beyond the fake “thoughts and prayers” and immediately rushed to this

as someone who looks at right wing content professionally and enjoys it quite a bit, elon musks twitter feed is absolutely dogshit. it’s not even unintentionally funny unique or entertaining- just annoying.









